README.md, before:

# Updating HCSA/HonorsX Website Content

If you are looking at this branch, I am assuming that you are trying to update the content of the Website.

There are mulitple ways to update the website. 

## Method who have GitHub account
1. Go to the Issue tab that can be found like this:
![alt text](https://github.com/MrKangs/HonorsX_WebSite/blob/contentInformation/Reference/Issue_Page.png "GitHib Issue Page")
2. Select the green button says New Issue
![alt text](https://github.com/MrKangs/HonorsX_WebSite/blob/contentInformation/Reference/New_Issue.png "New Issue Button")
3. Once you go in, Please put the label as enhancement like this:
![alt text](https://github.com/MrKangs/HonorsX_WebSite/blob/contentInformation/Reference/Create_New_Issue.png "Label enhancement")
4. Then write the event/community service/study group name in the title, and the description of the event/community service/study group in the Leave a comment section. If there any related poster, then you can simply drag them into the Leave a comment section. 
5. Once you complete step 4, then select Submit New Issue. Then the developer will be in working on it.

Commit message:

Added a tutorial for updating website content

README.md, after:

# Updating HCSA/HonorsX Website Content

If you are looking at this branch, I am assuming that you are trying to update the content of the Website.

There are 2 ways to update the website. 

## Method who have a GitHub account
1. Go to the Issue tab that can be found like this:
![alt text](https://github.com/MrKangs/HonorsX_WebSite/blob/contentInformation/Reference/Issue_Page.png "GitHib Issue Page")
2. Select the green button says New Issue
![alt text](https://github.com/MrKangs/HonorsX_WebSite/blob/contentInformation/Reference/New_Issue.png "New Issue Button")
3. Once you go in, Please put the label as enhancement like this:
![alt text](https://github.com/MrKangs/HonorsX_WebSite/blob/contentInformation/Reference/Create_New_Issue.png "Label enhancement")
4. Then write the event/community service/study group name in the title, and the description of the event/community service/study group in the Leave a comment section. If there any related poster, then you can simply drag them into the Leave a comment section. 
5. Once you complete step 4, then select Submit New Issue. Then the developer will be in working on it.

## Method who does not have a GitHub account
1. Simply email to club member who is in charge of maintaining the website or kangken@oregonstate.edu. In the email, please attach every relavent information of the event/community service/study group that you are updating for.(The email address might not work, which I need to change that...)

## Reason why there are two methods
1. For code developers, we check more often the GitHub Page than our email, which we will see a new update request faster than checking our email. Therefore, we recommend using GitHub. ;)

2. However, there are some people don't want to share their information, which we get it. Therefore, we have an option for email request, but we won't be responsive as like GitHub Issue.
